now let's take you to the Middle East
and sabr Al sakani was a newborn baby
who became a symbol of life and survival
amid all the death and destruction in
Gaza she was rescued from her dying
mother's womb after an Israeli air
strike on the family home Israel says it
was targeting Hamas pictures were
broadcast around the world of the
chaotic scenes last Sunday when doctors
used a hand pump to push air into
saine's lungs and get her into an
incubator today though news that the
baby has now died she's been buried
alongside her mother father and
three-year-old sister our special
correspondent FAL Keen now
[Music]
reports in this fragile form a tiny
pulse of
Hope baby sabrin was the last
survivor of a family obliterated by an
Israeli air
strike her pregnant mom was pulled from
here but minutes later in Hospital
doctors were able to rescue
sabr from her dying mother's
womb they tapped to stimulate her
breathing air was pumped into her
[Music]
lungs then to an incubator Fighting For
Life notice the gentleness of the doctor
as he cradles her head
relatives watched over the
newborn I
you I you paternal grandmother akam
planned to take care of the orphaned
baby I will raise her in the best way
she's the memory of her dad I hope that
God gives her a long
life Sabrine fought to live two days ago
briefly opening her
eyes 24 hours later her condition still
critical baby Sabrine lost her
struggle at midday yesterday the dead
child was brought home to her
people Sabrine was buried alongside her
mother after whom she was named her
father shukri and three-year-old sister
[Music]
malac today her uncle Ramy prayed at
sabin's grave
ald overhead and Israeli
drone the loss that changed everything
for this family changes nothing in the
war this go left a mark on everyone's
heart she moved the whole world to me
Sabrine was the living Legacy of my
brother the only survivor of the
massacre she was my
soul this is why I call her my
soul sabrin alake of Rafa Gaza lived for
5 days F King BBC News Jerusalem